Excuse me.
Give way, give way, give way.
My wife is in labor!
Then you must come to drink the wedding wine
Hey, this old Li
Now it's a blessing
We've had three kids.
The folds on his smiling face can't close
Yeah.
Who would dare to say that in the past?
It doesn't make sense
Thanks to our Gao Dayuan
Not only did they defeat the six countries
Realized the great rule of the world
Currency is also counted
At the same time, the tax cover is reduced
For our lives
Received more high-quality benefits
Hey, we common people
Life is getting better now
I'm never hungry again haha
Oh, what a tall Ren!
It should be called the emperor now
Yes, yes, look at my broken mouth
You see, it should be His Majesty the Emperor
I didn't expect our empress, Her Majesty
Would be willing to abdicate and give up
Give up the throne to the emperor
Behind the scenes in charge of six departments
Our emperor?
It's really a blessing on earth
This is what the emperor deserves
The world is safe in high-rise temples
Happy to have you as six fruits
From now on, life will be you
not in
almost
The courier son grabs the courier.
Oh, they all say that I am all literate and martial arts
But I always feel that I have to take the early
Study some pharmacology, husband
Otherwise, I have to go out with a wall every day
Sooner or later, I have to let it go back one day
What nonsense do you hate?
Back to the palace in a while
Let's see how Wan'er and I deal with you
How many lives have I learned recently?
I don't know who bullies whom
Hahahaha
Back to the palace haha